# How can I use an AngularJS XSRF-token to protect my web application?
// plain

XSRF-token is a security measure used to protect web applications from Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. It is a random string of characters that is generated by the server and sent to the client with each request. The client then sends the token back to the server with each request, and the server verifies that the token is valid.

To use an AngularJS XSRF-token to protect your web application, you need to include the `$http` service in your application, which is responsible for making the HTTP requests. You also need to configure the `$httpProvider` to enable XSRF protection. This can be done by setting the `xsrfHeaderName` and `xsrfCookieName` properties, as shown in the example below:

```
var app = angular.module('myApp', []);

app.config(function($httpProvider) {
  $httpProvider.defaults.xsrfHeaderName = 'X-CSRF-TOKEN';
  $httpProvider.defaults.xsrfCookieName = 'CSRF-TOKEN';
});
```

When making an HTTP request, you need to include the XSRF-token in the request header. This can be done using the `X-CSRF-TOKEN` header, as shown in the example below:

```
$http.post('/api/users', {
  'X-CSRF-TOKEN': '1234567890'
});
```

The server will then verify the token and process the request if it is valid.

#### List of code parts with detailed explanation
1. `$http` service: This is a built-in service in AngularJS that is responsible for making HTTP requests.
2. `$httpProvider`: This is a service that is used to configure the `$http` service.
3. `xsrfHeaderName` and `xsrfCookieName` properties: These are properties of the `$httpProvider` that need to be set in order to enable XSRF protection.
4. `X-CSRF-TOKEN` header: This is the header that needs to be included in the HTTP request in order to send the XSRF-token to the server.

#### List of relevant links
1. [AngularJS Documentation - $http](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/service/$http)
2. [AngularJS Documentation - $httpProvider](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/provider/$httpProvider)
3. [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) Prevention Cheat Sheet](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_(CSRF)_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet)

onelinerhub: [How can I use an AngularJS XSRF-token to protect my web application?](https://onelinerhub.com/angularjs/how-can-i-use-an-angularjs-xsrf-token-to-protect-my-web-application)