# How do I use Elastic Search with PHP?
// plain

To use Elastic Search with PHP, you must first install the Elasticsearch PHP client library. You can do this by running the following command:
```
composer require elasticsearch/elasticsearch
```
Once the library is installed, you can use it to interact with your Elasticsearch cluster. For example, the following code will create an index called "my_index" in your cluster:
```php
<?php

require 'vendor/autoload.php';

$client = Elasticsearch\ClientBuilder::create()->build();

$params = [
    'index' => 'my_index'
];

$response = $client->indices()->create($params);

print_r($response);
```
The output of this code will be:
```
Array
(
    [acknowledged] => 1
)
```

The code consists of the following parts:

1. `require 'vendor/autoload.php';`: This line is used to load the autoloader file, which is generated by Composer and is used to autoload the Elasticsearch library.

2. `$client = Elasticsearch\ClientBuilder::create()->build();`: This line creates an instance of the Elasticsearch client, which is used to interact with the Elasticsearch cluster.

3. `$params = [ 'index' => 'my_index' ];`: This line sets up the parameters for the index creation operation.

4. `$response = $client->indices()->create($params);`: This line sends a request to the Elasticsearch cluster to create the index specified in the `$params` array.

5. `print_r($response);`: This line prints the response from the Elasticsearch cluster, which will be an array containing the `acknowledged` key set to `1` if the index was created successfully.

For more information on using Elasticsearch with PHP, please see the [official documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/php-api/current/index.html).

onelinerhub: [How do I use Elastic Search with PHP?](https://onelinerhub.com/php-elastica/how-do-i-use-elastic-search-with-php)